How to run your Python scripts and code.
We will see together some methods to run Python.
Let's start by the first method a run Python scripts from your operating system, command line or terminal.
First, using the Python command we will create a file.
Hello Greg.
We will write first line print hello world.
After that we will use Python to execute our file.
Let's do the first example.
We will create the file hello world.
The file.
Hello Greg.
We will write print hello world.
And we will execute that via Python command.
For me I use Python three okay.
And this is the execution after that.
Second using the scripts file name directly on Linux and Mac, you can also run your scripts directly.
Let's do this test.
Because I'm working on ubuntu.
Permission denied.
Why?
First of all, this file is not executable.
Let's verify that.
Okay.
There is permission of read write but not executable.
We will update.
And adding the execution mode.
Okay.
The execution mode is added.
Let's execute the file again.
There is another problem.
Why?
After running this command cash mode, your help file will be executable.
However, that's not enough for the script to run properly.
Why?
The problem is that your operating system for ubuntu doesn't know which program to use for running your
script, and it's trying to run it with the shell itself.
This is a Python program, and we can not run a Python program via shell, but via Python.
To fix this problem, we will add this line.
In our script.
Let's try again.
Okay.
It works.
Third method.
Running models with the flag M.
Flag m.
That's mean.
Hello.
It.
It will be considered as a model.
Let's do the test.
Python 3-M.
Hello.
Okay.
After that, we execute Python code and the script is in interactive mode.
Let's do an example with interactive mode.
Python three.
Okay.
Print.
Hello, world.
Okay.
This is the interactive mode.
Next, using online editor, you can use online editor to do some test for Python.
There are a lot of online editor.
This is one of this editor.
Print.
After that we execute.
Hello, world.
There are a lot a lot of.
Online editor.
And you can use it to do some tests with Python.
D you can use any code editor to run your Python script, and you will see that on the next video.